README.md, before:

# BeginnerRust
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVvjrrRCBy2JSHf9tGxGKJ-bYAN_uDCUL

## Installation Guide 
https://www.rust-lang.org/lear/get-started

I first ran the command `curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh`

I also ran `rustup update` to make sure there are any updates

### First Steps with Cargo
To start a new package with Cargo, use `cargo new <package name>`
Use the `tree <package name>` to see the tree of files

The file Cargo.toml is called a manifest that contains all the metadata that Cargo needs to compile the package

To run the src/main.rs file we need to use `cargo run` which will compile and run all in one step

The Cargo.lock contains information about our dependencies

Once we are ready for the release, we use `cargo build --release`. This command puts the binary in target/release instead of target/debug. compiling in debug mode is the default for develoopment. Release mode takes longer to compile but code will run faster.

#### Lesson 1-2 Hello World
Crate Name : hello_world

#### Lesson 3 Comments
Crate Name : hello_world

Comments are exactly the same in C where `//` means one line of comment and `/* */` means a block of comments

#### Lesson 4 Variables
Crate Name : l4-variables

To create an immutable variable in RUST, we use the `let` command. For example:
    `let x = 60;`
Notice how we did not add a type like integer. RUST will automatically determine the type of the variable. 

Now if we were going to change the value of x to 45, the RUST compiler will throw an error. This is because using the `let` command creates an immutable variable. This means that the value of the variable `x` cannot change. 

To make an mutable variable, we need to use the `mut` command
    `let mut x = 60;`

#### Lesson 5 Variable Data Types
Crate Name : l5-variable-data-types

RUST immediately assumes the data type of the variable. When we initialize `let x = 45`, RUST says that this variable is a data type of integer-32. However, we can specify the data type by putting a `:` and the data type. For example: `let x: i64 = 45` making it an integer-64. There are a lot of data types that can be used in RUST. Please check the sample code for more information. 

#### Lesson 6 If Else Statements
Crate Name : l6-if-else-statements

RUST uses a similar syntax when crating if-else if-else statements. RUST uses `{}` for the conditionals. NOTE: RUST will throw out a warning when the developer uses `()` to contain the condition. Therefore `()` are not needed for conditions.

#### Lesson 7 Infinite Loop
Crate Name : l7-infinite-loop

To begin a loop, we use the `loop` command. To exit out of a loop we use `break` and to continue without doing anything to the current value, we use the `continue` command. Nothing too complex or different from C/C++

#### Lesson 8 While Loop
Crate Name : l8-while-loop

Exactly like C/C++ with while loop just without the parenthesis. Syntax is `while <condition> { execute commands ; increase counter }`

#### Lesson 9 For loop
Crate Name : l9-for-loop

All for-loop must use an iterator. An iterator is defined by the `..` syntax. For example, `1..11` means 1 to 10 excluding 11. This is a range from 1 to 11 non-exclusive the upper bound. 
The syntax for a for loop is like python's for-loop: `for i in 1..11 { condition }`. 

We can even have variables be set to iterators as well. This is set as `let numbers = 31..50` which will create a list of numbers from 31 to 50. Simply call the for-loop as `for i in numbers { condition }`.  

A for-loop can also be used to iterate over the vector as well. First we need to create a vector using the `vec!` command -- vec~[A, B, C, ....] and this vector can be strings or integers depending on the values given. Now for iterating on a vector, we use the .iter() command. For example, `for a in <vector>.iter() { condition }`. 

We can even get the index of a value inside the vector using the .enumerate() command. For example: `for (index, val) in vector.iter().enumerate() { condition }`

#### Lesson 10 Enum Types
Crate Name : l10-enum-types

Enums are a way to express your code in a simple and descriptive way. We have to declare the enum before the main function. Enums are defined by `enum <Name> { enum values }`

To call an enum type we simply let a variable be defined to the enum. For example, `let variable:<enum Name> = <enum Name>::<default enum Value>;`

Now if we want to do some control flow using the enum, we can use the `match` operator. This allows the developer to compare a value against a series of patterns and then execute code based on which pattern matches. It is like a switch command in C/C++. 

### Lesson 11 Constants
Crate Name : l11-constants

Constants are variables that are declared in the global scope and cannot be changed.
We use the `const` keyword followed by the name of the const. With constants, we
need to specify the type of data. 

### Lesson 12 Tuples
Crate name : l12-tuples

Tuples are a bunch of variables in a collection. They are defined as such:
`let tup1 = (20, 25, 30, 35);` and are comma separated. To print out a value
in a specific index of the tuple you write `tup1.<index>`. We can even store values
of different types like int, boolean, floats, strings. We can even have a nested
tuple. To access the nested tuple, we need to wrap the original tuple in () and then
we can write the index.  

Another use for tuples is for declaring mutliple variables at once. We simply
create another tuple of variables and assign it to the assigning tuple. 

### Lesson 13 Functions
Crate name : l13-functions

Functions are always defined by the `fn` keyword. The parameters of the functions
need to be defined. So if the program is passing in an integer, we then have to
set the parameter to u32 or unsigned int-32. 

Functions can also return a result. Depending on the type of the result we use the
`->` to return the type of the result. 

### Lesson 14 Code Blocks
Crate name : l14-code-blocks

A code block is a piece of code that is found inside two { }. It is oscilated
but does have access to data variables defined outside { }. However, the 
outside { } does not have access to the variables inside the code block { }. 
The variables in { } exist only inside { }. 

### Lesson 15 Shadowing
Crate name : l15-shadowing

Shadowing is the concept of resuing a variable name rather than creating two
unique variables. We use code blocks to shadow a variable. A simple 
example is:
`let x = 5; let x = x + 1; let x = x * 2;`
 
We can see that the value of x changes due to the second statement from 6 to
12 because the first statement is being "shadowed" by the second statement. 

We can even use mutable types to show shadowing simply by using the `mut` 
prefix.

### Lesson 16 - References
Crate name : l16-references

References are a way to call a variable with a different name. We are referecing
an original varialbe. This is similar to c++ with pointers. We use the `&` to
reference. 

`let x = 10; let xr = &x;`

We can see that xr is referencing x. 

To change the value of the original value using a reference, we need to 
wrap the reference in codeblocks, change the reference to a mutable reference
`&mut` and perform any update to the original value.

### Lesson 17 - Structs
Crate name : l17-structs

To define a struct, we simply call `struct` outside the main function. The
variables in the struct need to be defined with the data type (u8, u32, ..).

To initialize a struct, use the let command and call the struct using { }. 
Inside the { } we have the variables defined. 

To change the value inside a struct, we need to define the initialized struct
as a mutable struct `mut`. 

### Lesson 18 - Tuple Structs
Crate name : l18-tuple-structs

Tuple structs are almost identical to regular structs except they are treated
as tuples. Simply create a tuple struct before the main function by 
using ( ) instead of { }.

The only difference is that tuples use index values instead of variable names.

### Lesson 19 - Pass by Reference
Crate name : l19-pass-by-reference

for this example, we are passing a struct by reference. We would have to use the
& sign to pass it to a function.

Commit message:

Lesson 19 Pass by Reference README updated

README.md, after:

# BeginnerRust
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVvjrrRCBy2JSHf9tGxGKJ-bYAN_uDCUL

## Installation Guide 
https://www.rust-lang.org/lear/get-started

I first ran the command `curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh`

I also ran `rustup update` to make sure there are any updates

### First Steps with Cargo
To start a new package with Cargo, use `cargo new <package name>`
Use the `tree <package name>` to see the tree of files

The file Cargo.toml is called a manifest that contains all the metadata that Cargo needs to compile the package

To run the src/main.rs file we need to use `cargo run` which will compile and run all in one step

The Cargo.lock contains information about our dependencies

Once we are ready for the release, we use `cargo build --release`. This command puts the binary in target/release instead of target/debug. compiling in debug mode is the default for develoopment. Release mode takes longer to compile but code will run faster.

#### Lesson 1-2 Hello World
Crate Name : hello_world

#### Lesson 3 Comments
Crate Name : hello_world

Comments are exactly the same in C where `//` means one line of comment and `/* */` means a block of comments

#### Lesson 4 Variables
Crate Name : l4-variables

To create an immutable variable in RUST, we use the `let` command. For example:
    `let x = 60;`
Notice how we did not add a type like integer. RUST will automatically determine the type of the variable. 

Now if we were going to change the value of x to 45, the RUST compiler will throw an error. This is because using the `let` command creates an immutable variable. This means that the value of the variable `x` cannot change. 

To make an mutable variable, we need to use the `mut` command
    `let mut x = 60;`

#### Lesson 5 Variable Data Types
Crate Name : l5-variable-data-types

RUST immediately assumes the data type of the variable. When we initialize `let x = 45`, RUST says that this variable is a data type of integer-32. However, we can specify the data type by putting a `:` and the data type. For example: `let x: i64 = 45` making it an integer-64. There are a lot of data types that can be used in RUST. Please check the sample code for more information. 

#### Lesson 6 If Else Statements
Crate Name : l6-if-else-statements

RUST uses a similar syntax when crating if-else if-else statements. RUST uses `{}` for the conditionals. NOTE: RUST will throw out a warning when the developer uses `()` to contain the condition. Therefore `()` are not needed for conditions.

#### Lesson 7 Infinite Loop
Crate Name : l7-infinite-loop

To begin a loop, we use the `loop` command. To exit out of a loop we use `break` and to continue without doing anything to the current value, we use the `continue` command. Nothing too complex or different from C/C++

#### Lesson 8 While Loop
Crate Name : l8-while-loop

Exactly like C/C++ with while loop just without the parenthesis. Syntax is `while <condition> { execute commands ; increase counter }`

#### Lesson 9 For loop
Crate Name : l9-for-loop

All for-loop must use an iterator. An iterator is defined by the `..` syntax. For example, `1..11` means 1 to 10 excluding 11. This is a range from 1 to 11 non-exclusive the upper bound. 
The syntax for a for loop is like python's for-loop: `for i in 1..11 { condition }`. 

We can even have variables be set to iterators as well. This is set as `let numbers = 31..50` which will create a list of numbers from 31 to 50. Simply call the for-loop as `for i in numbers { condition }`.  

A for-loop can also be used to iterate over the vector as well. First we need to create a vector using the `vec!` command -- vec~[A, B, C, ....] and this vector can be strings or integers depending on the values given. Now for iterating on a vector, we use the .iter() command. For example, `for a in <vector>.iter() { condition }`. 

We can even get the index of a value inside the vector using the .enumerate() command. For example: `for (index, val) in vector.iter().enumerate() { condition }`

#### Lesson 10 Enum Types
Crate Name : l10-enum-types

Enums are a way to express your code in a simple and descriptive way. We have to declare the enum before the main function. Enums are defined by `enum <Name> { enum values }`

To call an enum type we simply let a variable be defined to the enum. For example, `let variable:<enum Name> = <enum Name>::<default enum Value>;`

Now if we want to do some control flow using the enum, we can use the `match` operator. This allows the developer to compare a value against a series of patterns and then execute code based on which pattern matches. It is like a switch command in C/C++. 

### Lesson 11 Constants
Crate Name : l11-constants

Constants are variables that are declared in the global scope and cannot be changed.
We use the `const` keyword followed by the name of the const. With constants, we
need to specify the type of data. 

### Lesson 12 Tuples
Crate name : l12-tuples

Tuples are a bunch of variables in a collection. They are defined as such:
`let tup1 = (20, 25, 30, 35);` and are comma separated. To print out a value
in a specific index of the tuple you write `tup1.<index>`. We can even store values
of different types like int, boolean, floats, strings. We can even have a nested
tuple. To access the nested tuple, we need to wrap the original tuple in () and then
we can write the index.  

Another use for tuples is for declaring mutliple variables at once. We simply
create another tuple of variables and assign it to the assigning tuple. 

### Lesson 13 Functions
Crate name : l13-functions

Functions are always defined by the `fn` keyword. The parameters of the functions
need to be defined. So if the program is passing in an integer, we then have to
set the parameter to u32 or unsigned int-32. 

Functions can also return a result. Depending on the type of the result we use the
`->` to return the type of the result. 

### Lesson 14 Code Blocks
Crate name : l14-code-blocks

A code block is a piece of code that is found inside two { }. It is oscilated
but does have access to data variables defined outside { }. However, the 
outside { } does not have access to the variables inside the code block { }. 
The variables in { } exist only inside { }. 

### Lesson 15 Shadowing
Crate name : l15-shadowing

Shadowing is the concept of resuing a variable name rather than creating two
unique variables. We use code blocks to shadow a variable. A simple 
example is:
`let x = 5; let x = x + 1; let x = x * 2;`
 
We can see that the value of x changes due to the second statement from 6 to
12 because the first statement is being "shadowed" by the second statement. 

We can even use mutable types to show shadowing simply by using the `mut` 
prefix.

### Lesson 16 - References
Crate name : l16-references

References are a way to call a variable with a different name. We are referecing
an original varialbe. This is similar to c++ with pointers. We use the `&` to
reference. 

`let x = 10; let xr = &x;`

We can see that xr is referencing x. 

To change the value of the original value using a reference, we need to 
wrap the reference in codeblocks, change the reference to a mutable reference
`&mut` and perform any update to the original value.

### Lesson 17 - Structs
Crate name : l17-structs

To define a struct, we simply call `struct` outside the main function. The
variables in the struct need to be defined with the data type (u8, u32, ..).

To initialize a struct, use the let command and call the struct using { }. 
Inside the { } we have the variables defined. 

To change the value inside a struct, we need to define the initialized struct
as a mutable struct `mut`. 

### Lesson 18 - Tuple Structs
Crate name : l18-tuple-structs

Tuple structs are almost identical to regular structs except they are treated
as tuples. Simply create a tuple struct before the main function by 
using ( ) instead of { }.

The only difference is that tuples use index values instead of variable names.

### Lesson 19 - Pass by Reference
Crate name : l19-pass-by-reference

for this example, we are passing a struct by reference. We would have to use the
& sign to pass it to a function. Now we can remove the & and pass the struct
without using the & sign but doing so will remove the struct out of scope. 
So to avoid any out of scope issue, we use the & and pass by reference.
